haichi
Those are your staples, right?
old town pass....Oh, Pasadena.
I haven't gone to Pasadena too often.
Yeah,
Wait, isn't that one place that we went?
with their head.
okay
I don't know, like I don't like sushi as much as I used to.
I used to like it a lot, but maybe, you know, after coming back from Japan, the quality is not...
that I don't really enjoy it.
And lately I feel like the fish quality is like
The ones that you get in L.A. is just not...
up to par.
During the pandemic, we used to buy
Yeah, we used to buy a lot of meat.
from like restaurant suppliers.
and like they will have it all like.
in a truck and then you order it.
And then it was only word of mouth that you can do it because you don't advertise it.
And then so yeah
Yeah, you can only.
Yeah, yeah, and then you go and then you pick it up.
But we used to get our meat there because we didn't really like going to the supermarket.
And it was so much better. And the quality was there.
so we would get like mentaiko and hamachi
do there and then.
all of our meats, you know, and it was nice.
We can't do, they don't do that anymore?
Business as usual.
The good old days.
You know my son?
But it seems like ages ago.
Really? For me, like...
I was wrong. and the cliche
and it was like there's so many changes in rules and regulations.
well i was alone for a while
Remember with all the whole house reform like my mom couldn't be there
during the renovation so I was alone for a good
yeah
under the den and you guys said oh my gosh this looks like a
like a mortuary wake or something like me sleeping under the chandelier
Ha..ha..ha..
But that, that's the part where like that...
That time was stressful not only because of work, you know?
and trying to adjust. It was like...
everything. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I didn't even know how to connect.
I was watching YouTube videos.